README.rst, before:

pymkv
=====

|PyPI Version|
|License|
|Codacy Badge|

pymkv is a Python wrapper for mkvmerge. It provides support for muxing, splitting, linking, chapters, tags, and
and attachments through the use of mkvmerge.

About pymkv
-----------

pymkv is a Python 3 library for manipulating MKV files. I was previously constructing mkvmerge commands manually but
they were becoming overly complex and unmanageable. This is what inspired me to start this project. Please open
new issues for any bugs you find, support is greatly appreciated!

Installation
------------

mkvmerge must be installed on your computer. It is recommended to add it to your $PATH variable but a
different path can be manually specified. mkvmerge can be found and downloaded from
`here <https://mkvtoolnix.download/downloads.html>`__ or can be found in most package managers.

To install pymkv using pip, run the following command:

::

    $ pip install pymkv

You can also clone the repo and run the following commands in project root if you wish to edit the source code:

::

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    $ pip install -e .

Documentation
-------------

pymkv documentation can be found in the `GitHub repo wiki <https://github.com/sheldonkwoodward/pymkv/wiki>`__.

.. |PyPI Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pymkv.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pymkv

.. |License| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/sheldonkwoodward/pymkv.svg
    :target: https://github.com/sheldonkwoodward/pymkv/LICENSE.txt

.. |Codacy Badge| image:: https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e1fe077d95f74a5886c557024777c26c
    :target: https://www.codacy.com/app/sheldonkwoodward/pymkv?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=sheldonkwoodward/pymkv&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade

Commit message:

Bugfix/versioning (#37)
* Changed setup.py to use setuptools-scm to infer the version from git history.

* Added __version__ variable in pymkv package.

* Updated README.rst with updated installation instructions and other changes.

* Update README.rst

* Updated setup.py info and fixed typ in short descriptions.

* Updated author_email in setup.py.

README.rst, after:

pymkv
=====
|PyPI Version|
|License|
|Codacy Badge|

pymkv is a Python wrapper for mkvmerge. It provides support for muxing, splitting, linking, chapters, tags, and 
attachments through the use of mkvmerge.

About pymkv
-----------
pymkv is a Python 3 library for manipulating MKV files with mkvmerge. Previously, I was constructing mkvmerge 
commands manually. They were becoming overly complex and unmanageable. To remedy this, I decided to write this 
library to make mkvmerge more scriptable and easier to use. Please open new issues for any bugs you find, support 
is greatly appreciated!

Installation
------------
mkvmerge must be installed on your computer. It is recommended to add it to your $PATH variable but a
different path can be manually specified. mkvmerge can be found and downloaded from
`here <https://mkvtoolnix.download/downloads.html>`__ or in most package managers.

To install pymkv from PyPI, use the following command:

::

    $ pip install pymkv

You can also clone the repo and run the following command in the project root to edit the source code:

::

    $ pip install -e .

Documentation
------------
The documentation for pymkv can be found in the `GitHub repo wiki <https://github.com/sheldonkwoodward/pymkv/wiki>`__.

.. |PyPI Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pymkv.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pymkv

.. |License| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/sheldonkwoodward/pymkv.svg
    :target: https://github.com/sheldonkwoodward/pymkv/LICENSE.txt

.. |Codacy Badge| image:: https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e1fe077d95f74a5886c557024777c26c
    :target: https://www.codacy.com/app/sheldonkwoodward/pymkv?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=sheldonkwoodward/pymkv&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade
